README.md, before:

# Cinnamon Eyes

An extension that adds an eye to the panel bar that follows your cursor.
Currently, it is being developed at [anaximeno/c-eyes](https://github.com/anaximeno/c-eyes),
and mantained by [Anaxímeno Brito](https://github.com/anaximeno).

- **Cinnamon Versions Supported**: 4.2, 5.4

### Contributors

<!-- NOTE: If you did contribute to this applet, you can add your github username as a link to you profile address (optional) in the list bellow. Please add your name before the last one `et upstream`. -->

- [anaximeno](https://github.com/anaximeno), [Drugwash2](https://github.com/Drugwash2), [et upstream](https://github.com/alexeylovchikov/eye-extended-shell-extension/graphs/contributors)


### Translators

<!-- NOTE: If you did help translating this applet, you can add your github username as a link to you profile address (optional) in the list bellow. -->

- 


#### Relevant Documentation for Contribution

* http://smasue.github.io/gnome-shell-tw
* https://projects.linuxmint.com/reference/git/cinnamon-tutorials/xlet-settings-ref.html
* https://projects.linuxmint.com/reference/git/cinnamon-tutorials/xlet-settings.html

Commit message:

docs: add notes on known problems

README.md, after:

# Cinnamon Eyes

An extension that adds an eye to the panel bar that follows your cursor.
Currently, it is being developed at [anaximeno/c-eyes](https://github.com/anaximeno/c-eyes),
and mantained by [Anaxímeno Brito](https://github.com/anaximeno).

## Notes

The menu of the panel will not show up with a right click on the panel if the eye click animation is active, in that case, the best solution is to click in the eye and deactivate the click animation. This only happens to the panel menu, and not on the panel items' menu.

### Contributors

<!-- NOTE: If you did contribute to this applet, you can add your github username as a link to you profile address (optional) in the list bellow. Please add your name before the last one `et upstream`. -->

- [anaximeno](https://github.com/anaximeno), [Drugwash2](https://github.com/Drugwash2), [et upstream](https://github.com/alexeylovchikov/eye-extended-shell-extension/graphs/contributors)


### Translators

<!-- NOTE: If you did help translating this applet, you can add your github username as a link to you profile address (optional) in the list bellow. -->

- 


#### Relevant Documentation for Contribution

* http://smasue.github.io/gnome-shell-tw
* https://projects.linuxmint.com/reference/git/cinnamon-tutorials/xlet-settings-ref.html
* https://projects.linuxmint.com/reference/git/cinnamon-tutorials/xlet-settings.html
